# is120-project1-aaron-garry
My initial idea for this project was to have a personal portfolio website. I started by making a consistent header, footer, and nav bar across all three pages.  I struggled with making them take up the entire width but soon learned that I needed to set the margin on the body to 0. 
One issue I had was trying to align things side by side on the page. I had a hard time with my cards, social logos in the footer, and my homepage image and paragraph. To put them side by side I used inline-block, and to align them vertically I used vertical align which worked great. 
Centering was also difficult initially but I later learned to use margin auto. 
One thing I am proud of is my social icons in the footer. I styled them so they would "transform" or get bigger on the hover. I love this look and think I could put this elsewhere on my website in the future. 
I started to become more comfortable with the box model, using padding for good looks, and margin to space cards out is starting to be natural to me. 
I feel like I can visualize how I want a card to look then can use css to style them. 
The most difficult part was my career page. I wanted to have my skills on the left and my professional summary/education cards on the right.
At first I tried using position relative and moving it over by pixels, but then I realized it looked super weird on different screens. I also tried with absolute position and had a similar issue. 
To make this work I ended up deciding to have two vertical sections that were styled using a width %. Although its not perfect, it looks pretty good for the most part. I'm looking forward to using flex and grid because I assume that will solve a lot of these issues. I think there is more I can do with my list of skills but I decided to leave it as is for now.  
The last thing I did was use ::after to put an underline under the skills header. Again this was hard to center but margin auto worked here as well. This was pretty interesting and I like the way it turned out. 